UTM Hack the Mist Brainstorm Document

Canva: https://www.canva.com/design/DAFdk2ZVSdc/Rqxezj_KNjgqJ8w7QkcjGw/edit?utm_content=DAFdk2ZVSdc&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=sharebutton


Outline:


Presentation
Demo
Saksham
3 products
1 eco friendly
1 neutral
1 disposable



Script:





generate 2 mins demo video transcript for ml competition for utmist. Our project is a chrome extension, it has a circle at top center, inside the circle there's a number, and the right side of circle is /100. below the circle, there's a title called SustainBuy Analysis,   and then a paragraph generated by OpenAI according to the company, product information about product extracted from amazon website

score, product analysis, company analysis, alternative,





Presentation:

Intro:
Hi judges, before we get started, I have a question for you all. Who here considers sustainability when making a purchase online? Many of you, and that’s not surprising!
According to McKinsey, 78% of US Consumers consider sustainability when making a purchase. Research shows a majority of us want to be sustainable, but it can be very difficult and time-intensive to research all aspects of a product’s sustainability.
That's why our team created SustainaBuy - the ultimate tool for sustainable shopping - to help us and the over 2.14 billion e-commerce shoppers globally find the perfect product for both you and the planet, and rewards you for it!
With SustainaBuy, you don't need to spend hours researching products anymore. Just install our extension, and with one click, the extension pop-up fetches and displays the information automatically.
But that's not all, SustainaBuy also incentivizes eco-friendly purchases with credits from sponsors who want to offset their carbon footprint. 






-> Demo transcript:

Using the OpenAI and the relevant information on ecommerce websites, SustainaBuy has the features of calculating a sustainability score and evaluating product and company’s performance in sustainability. We will use this powerful extension to compare three amazon products in this demo.

Our first product, the reusable grocery bag has a green score [78] as it is very environmentally friendly and sustainable. And the SustainBuy Analysis also provides positive comments. 

In the user interface, the scoring system is graphically represented by three colors. If the score is above 70, then there’s a green color indicating the product to be environmentally friendly,  the color changes to yellow when below 70, and red when it is below 30. Furthermore, we show the number of SustainBuy credits one can earn from purchasing sustainable products. The extension also suggests three more sustainable products that allow the users to choose from. After that, there’s Meta Tags, where we actually extract data from real amazon product websites, and package it to OpenAI to do the analysis and display the result on extension. Finally is our logo, it fits the theme.

Next, the men's cotton T-shirt has a yellow score of [56]. While the shirts are reusable, the cotton manufacturing process is very energy intensive, so it is given a yellow score.

The last  demo product, plastic plates were given a red score of [27] for using non-biodegradable plastic, which contributes to pollution and waste as it is a single use item. 


SustaniaBuy is an irreplaceable, and convenient tool to the sustainable market. We see a bright future for the extension of benefiting the 2.14 billion ecommerce shoppers around the globe to shop more sustainably, and get rewarded. Thank you for listening!
Rest:
We used JavaScript to implement the extension's logic and search product web pages for information such as ingredients, manufacturer, packaging, and other relevant details. HTML and CSS were used to design the extension's pop-up interface where users can see the product's extracted information and sustainability evaluation score.
We faced some challenges in scraping web data due to inconsistencies in the different layouts and field IDs. But, through trial and error, we developed a system that could reliably extract the relevant information from product web pages. We also learned a lot about the OpenAI API and how it can be used to evaluate the sustainability of products.
Through our work on SustainaBuy, we were able to build an extension that has the potential to make a significant impact on sustainability. We're proud of the fact that we were able to create a tool that not only makes it easier for consumers to make environmentally conscious purchasing decisions but also incentivizes them to do so.
We're excited to continue working on SustainaBuy and hope to improve its capabilities by incorporating user feedback and expanding the set of parameters used to evaluate sustainability. Our ultimate goal is to create a more sustainable future by encouraging eco-friendly consumer behavior through tangible incentives. Thank you for listening!
